# CS-250-software-development-lifecycle
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this? --i have learned the best way to interperet user needs is through user stories. this is because they are your view into what the user or users actually want out of this program. this allows you to add as much value to the program as possible. furthermore, users stories also tell what is not needed in this program which will allow you to not waste time on unneeded features.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work? -- My approach to developing projects involes getting the best end picture of what i want to develop at the begging while staying flexible to change throughout development if neccesary. i hope to incorperate a kanban board style to my development on future projects. this will allow me to have a visual view of the progress i have made and what still needs to be done.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development? --there is many things that can make you a great team member in software development. a key trait in my opinion is the ability to communicate effectivly. this allows you to get your points across cleary so the whole teams knows what information is important. in addition, having integrity with every task you are assigned is essential. by this i mean the team member must take full responsibilty for there input in the projects. especially if mistakes are made.
